Now that you'll learn about headers in the last video what about parents.
Clearly parents we do have one here we have plenty of very parameter and DS is something we do right
and you are.
Nothing wrong with that.
It works as you saw.
But if you don't want to make sure you are dead long and you don't want to hard code all your carry
parents in there and change your strings and combine them with variables like we do there is a more
convenient way of setting Querrey parents.
You can set the parents object in this configuration object you are passing as a third or in the case
of get second argument.
So here parents takes a new HTP parents object just like HP hetero's.
This has to be imported from any angle or common HTP.
Now you have to instantiate it and then it works pretty much like headers.
You can set and append parameters set overrides all existing Clarie parents and sets the one you're
passing here.
Append simply adds to existing ones.
You can also delete them.
Get the ones you already configured and so on.
So you don't want to set them.
And again we have two arguments here.
The first one is the key.
In this case it would be off.
So a copy of in there and the second one is the value in this case it's token.
So that's as token.
This now gives us the chance of removing all this part including the questionmark and simply having
the Your else here will still at stickery parents but will do it for this configuration which is a bit
cleaner.
What saved us and see if it works we should still be able to save values to firebase without any issues.
Since this should append the token dynamically.
So let's go back to the application and quickly log in which gives us this token and that's now called
Save and we shouldn't see any error solutes click save.
This looks good.
We'll get back to D.C. The response which just confirms what we saved.
No errors were frozen so hence this worked and does the typical use case or a typical thing where you
can make your usual shorter and Chesed have the key DD endpoint you are targeting in there and add all
the parameters you might want to pass where the parameters fruiterer's parents configuration here.
And of course you can do the same for the get request to get rid of d of part in your use or else there
too.